Short description how to do splash screens, for people after me
or when I don't remember anymore.

There are 7 icons for the following tasks:

1: Setting up interprocess communication
2: Initializing system services
3: Initializing peripherals
4: Loading the window manager
5: Loading the desktop
6: Loading the panel
7: Restoring session, then
   KDE is up and running

The splash screens are usually 400px wide and about 300 to 350px high.
The Lila one, splash-source.svg, is about 400x324px (the bottom has
variable height).

That means, with 400px width you have 400 / 7 = 57.1 px width for each
flashing item (the icons, normally). The icons in splash-source.svg
are therefore of 48px width or height (the bigger one of the two)
and start on the X axis at (9 + (56*x)) pixels. (splash-source.svg has
real-size pixel measures, so you can enter the real values there.)
The icons are decreased to 0.5 opacity for the inactive version.

The splash top and the icons strip can be of any height, they are just
glued together in the end (together with the splash bottom).
The Lila splash top is 245px, the icons strip is 63px high.

The bottom of the splash screen (where the text appears) is of variable
height, created by tiling the 400x16 splash_bottom so high that the text
fits in. (Meaning that you can't use any shapes in there, otherwise they'd
get tiled too.)

I created the seperate files by exporting the whole page into a PNG
(which can also be reused as preview image), then cropping the copies
to the respective sizes with Kolourpaint. The preview should be scaled
down a bit (preferably with Krita and its Lanczos 3 scale mode (which
yields a pretty sharp outcome, it seems). The standard KDE splash has
a preview which is 227px high, which should be a good choice for
other splash screens too.

At last, put Preview.png, the four splash_*.pngs and Theme.rc into
a folder which is named after what you want to see in the splash config
later. Make a tarball (.tar.gz) from the folder, then you can install
the theme with the Add button in the ksplash control center module.

The splash themes are usually in /usr/share/apps/ksplash/Themes/,
so if you want to see how Default or other themes do it, go there.
